docs: reformat 0001-strategy-for-maintaining-OS-versions.rst (#378)
openedx/openedx-app-ios: docs/0001-strategy-for-maintaining-OS-versions.rst

> Title: Strategy for maintaining iOS versions in the OpenEdx Project

Reviewer: Do we need "Title:" here?

Author: I don't think so, now removed.

application's quality, without spreading ourselves too thin trying to maintain compatibility 
with outdated iOS versions.

2. Performance and User Experience Enhancement
==============================================

With each new iOS version, Apple introduces performance and functionality improvements. By limiting support 
to older iOS versions, we can leverage new capabilities and libraries to create faster and more feature-rich 
application versions. This also enhances the user experience and user satisfaction.

3. Security
===========

The most crucial aspect of mobile application development is ensuring user security. New iOS versions 
contain critical security updates, and supporting old iOS versions can leave the application vulnerable 
to known threats. By supporting only the current version and the two previous ones, we can quickly respond 
to security updates and provide robust data protection for users.

Project Impact
**************

This decision will impact the project in the following ways:

- Enhanced application security.
- Improved performance and functionality.
- Reduced development and testing burden.

> - Implementation

Reviewer: I don't think "Implementation" is supposed to be a bullet point, it seems like a heading for the next section

Author: Yeah, makes total sense. Now correct.

> Strategy for maintaining iOS versions in the OpenEdx Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strategy for maintaining iOS versions in the Open edX Project
```

> ############################################################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#############################################################
```

Date: 13 September 2023

Status
******
Accepted

Context
*******

> In the OpenEdx project, we are developing a mobile application on the SwiftUI platform for iOS users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Open edX project, we are developing a mobile application on the SwiftUI platform for iOS users. 
```
